README.md, before:

# Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA) and Design and Analysis of Algorithms (DAA)

## Introduction

Welcome to the Design and Analysis of Algorithms (DAA) project! This repository contains implementations of various data structures and algorithms, along with their analyses and applications.

## Table of Contents

1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Tree Algorithms](#tree-algorithms)
3. [Graph Algorithms](#graph-algorithms)
4. [Hashing Algorithms](#hashing-algorithms)
5. [Sorting Algorithms](#sorting-algorithms)
6. [Search Algorithms](#search-algorithms)
7. [Optimization Algorithms](#optimization-algorithms)
8. [Contributing](#contributing)


## Requirements

- A C++ compiler such as GCC or Clang

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/AsjidAle/DSA.git
    ```
2. Change to the project directory:
    ```shell
    cd DSA
    ```
3. Compile the source code using a C++ compiler:
    ```shell
    g++ -o rbt main.cpp
    ```
4. Run the program:
    ```shell
    ./rbt

    ```



## Tree Algorithms

- **Binary Search Tree**
- **Self Balancing Tree**
  - AVL Tree
  - AVL+ Tree
  - B Tree
  - B+ Tree
  - AVL B Tree
  - Red-Black Tree
  - Dancing Tree
  - Cartesian Tree
  - Topological Sort
  - Fusion Tree
  - Min Heap
  - Max Heap
  - Splay Tree
  - Interval Tree
  - Link/Cut Tree

## Graph Algorithms

- **Travelling Salesman Problem**
  - Brute Force
  - Dynamic Programming
- **Minimum Spanning Tree**
  - Prim's Algorithm
  - Kruskal's Algorithm
- **Graph Traversal**
  - Depth-First Search (DFS)
  - Depth-Limited Search (DLS)
  - Breadth-First Search (BFS)
  - Best-First Search (BFS)
- **Shortest Path**
  - Randomized Shortest Path
  - Dijkstra's Algorithm
  - Bellman-Ford Algorithm
- **Huffman Coding**
- **Ant Colony Optimization**
- **Bridges Algorithm**
- **Parallel Graph Algorithms**
  - Parallel Breadth-First Search
  - Parallel Depth-First Search
  - Parallel Shortest Path Algorithms

## Hashing Algorithms

- **Hash Table**
- **Collision Resolution**
  - Linear Probing
  - Quadratic Probing
  - Double Hashing
- **Universal Hashing**
- **Bloom Filter**

## Sorting Algorithms

- **Comparison-Based Sorting**
  - Heap Sort
  - Merge Sort
  - Quick Sort
  - Insertion Sort
  - Bubble Sort
  - Shell Sort
  - Comb Sort
  - Gnome Sort
  - Odd-Even Sort
  - Bitonic Sort
  - Library Sort
  - Tim Sort
- **Non-Comparison-Based Sorting**
  - Radix Sort (LSD and MSD)
  - Pigeonhole Sort
  - Bucket Sort
  - Counting Sort

## Search Algorithms

- **Linear Search**
- **Binary Search**

## Optimization Algorithms

- **Knapsack Problem**
- **Genetic Algorithm**
- **Simulated Annealing**
- **Constraint Satisfaction Problem**

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas for additional algorithms, optimizations, or improvements to existing implementations, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Please follow the established coding style and guidelines when contributing.

To contribute to the project:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch.
3. Make your changes and test them.
4. Submit a pull request.

Please ensure your code follows the project's coding style and includes tests for new features or bug fixes.


## Author

- Asjid Ali (asjidale@gmail.com)

Feel free to reach out to me with any questions or issues.

Commit message:

Made slight correction in Readme files and file names

README.md, after:

# Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA) and Design and Analysis of Algorithms (DAA)

## Introduction

Welcome to the Design and Analysis of Algorithms (DAA) project! This repository contains implementations of various data structures and algorithms, along with their analyses and applications.

## Table of Contents

1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Tree Algorithms](#tree-algorithms)
3. [Graph Algorithms](#graph-algorithms)
4. [Hashing Algorithms](#hashing-algorithms)
5. [Sorting Algorithms](#sorting-algorithms)
6. [Search Algorithms](#search-algorithms)
7. [Optimization Algorithms](#optimization-algorithms)
8. [Contributing](#contributing)


## Requirements

- A C++ compiler such as GCC or Clang

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/AsjidAle/DSA.git
    ```
2. Change to the project directory:
    ```shell
    cd DSA
    ```
3. You're there Now go to file your choice, compile and execute


## Tree Algorithms

- **Binary Search Tree**
- **Self Balancing Tree**
  - AVL Tree
  - AVL+ Tree
  - B Tree
  - B+ Tree
  - AVL B Tree
  - Red-Black Tree
  - Dancing Tree
  - Cartesian Tree
  - Topological Sort
  - Fusion Tree
  - Min Heap
  - Max Heap
  - Splay Tree
  - Interval Tree
  - Link/Cut Tree

## Graph Algorithms

- **Travelling Salesman Problem**
  - Brute Force
  - Dynamic Programming
- **Minimum Spanning Tree**
  - Prim's Algorithm
  - Kruskal's Algorithm
- **Graph Traversal**
  - Depth-First Search (DFS)
  - Depth-Limited Search (DLS)
  - Breadth-First Search (BFS)
  - Best-First Search (BFS)
- **Shortest Path**
  - Randomized Shortest Path
  - Dijkstra's Algorithm
  - Bellman-Ford Algorithm
- **Huffman Coding**
- **Ant Colony Optimization**
- **Bridges Algorithm**
- **Parallel Graph Algorithms**
  - Parallel Breadth-First Search
  - Parallel Depth-First Search
  - Parallel Shortest Path Algorithms

## Hashing Algorithms

- **Hash Table**
- **Collision Resolution**
  - Linear Probing
  - Quadratic Probing
  - Double Hashing
- **Universal Hashing**
- **Bloom Filter**

## Sorting Algorithms

- **Comparison-Based Sorting**
  - Heap Sort
  - Merge Sort
  - Quick Sort
  - Insertion Sort
  - Bubble Sort
  - Shell Sort
  - Comb Sort
  - Gnome Sort
  - Odd-Even Sort
  - Bitonic Sort
  - Library Sort
  - Tim Sort
- **Non-Comparison-Based Sorting**
  - Radix Sort (LSD and MSD)
  - Pigeonhole Sort
  - Bucket Sort
  - Counting Sort

## Search Algorithms

- **Linear Search**
- **Binary Search**

## Optimization Algorithms

- **Knapsack Problem**
- **Genetic Algorithm**
- **Simulated Annealing**
- **Constraint Satisfaction Problem**

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas for additional algorithms, optimizations, or improvements to existing implementations, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Please follow the established coding style and guidelines when contributing.

To contribute to the project:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch.
3. Make your changes and test them.
4. Submit a pull request.

Please ensure your code follows the project's coding style and includes tests for new features or bug fixes.


## Author

- Asjid Ali (asjidale@gmail.com)

Feel free to reach out to me with any questions or issues.
